Excuse me slowly
You want to waste
From now on
You have to replace the saint who led you to smile
You have to make Sihwa think you are him
biological daughter
As the saying goes, he is his own
You are
Auntie, I don't have a mother anymore
Are you the one who came to adopt me?
Yes, I will be your godmother and godmother from now on
The universe is your future wife
Remember to protect them with your life
You know what?
Mom, what are we doing here?
Let's sell these
Earn money to buy clothes for Xixi to learn dance
Fruit delivery
Come in, don't wander around
Brother, do you think I hit it right?
How can you hit someone?
Apologize
I'm not a scary person
little
Take care of your Xia Qian daughter, it's not like this, mother
Uncle Yaoyi
You shut up
I tell you to protect your sister well
Are you being bullied by others?
What are you still doing?
Kick me out
Yes yes little
I saw it all, it's not your fault
This is for you.
I apologize to you for my mother.
Ming Zhao
Come back soon
Don't talk to these unqualified children
It's beautiful.
It turns out that our school
A girl who looks so good dancing
Wei Xinxin
How many times have I asked you to use the dance studio?
Don't you understand?
This is Brother Yunzhong's water
How could Brother Yunzhong's water be on you?
Did you steal it?